README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
[![Tests](https://github.com/netascode/terraform-aci-access-leaf-interface-selector/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/netascode/terraform-aci-access-leaf-interface-selector/actions/workflows/test.yml)

# Terraform ACI Access Leaf Interface Selector Module

Manages ACI Access Leaf Interface Selector

Location in GUI:
`Fabric` » `Access Policies` » `Interfaces` » `Leaf Interfaces` » `Profiles` » `XXX`

## Examples

```hcl
module "aci_access_leaf_interface_selector" {
  source  = "netascode/access-leaf-interface-selector/aci"
  version = ">= 0.1.0"

  interface_profile = "LEAF101"
  name              = "1-2"
  policy_group_type = "access"
  policy_group      = "ACC1"
  port_blocks = [{
    name        = "PB1"
    description = "My Description"
    from_port   = 1
    to_port     = 2
  }]
}
```

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aci"></a> [aci](#requirement\_aci) | >= 2.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aci"></a> [aci](#provider\_aci) | >= 2.0.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_interface_profile"></a> [interface\_profile](#input\_interface\_profile) | Leaf interface profile name. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Leaf interface selector name. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_fex_id"></a> [fex\_id](#input\_fex\_id) | FEX ID. Allowed values: 101-199. `0` meaning no FEX. | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_fex_interface_profile"></a> [fex\_interface\_profile](#input\_fex\_interface\_profile) | FEX interface profile name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_policy_group_type"></a> [policy\_group\_type](#input\_policy\_group\_type) | Interface policy group type. Choices: `access`, `pc`, `vpc`. | `string` | `"access"` | no |
| <a name="input_policy_group"></a> [policy\_group](#input\_policy\_group) | Interface policy group name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_port_blocks"></a> [port\_blocks](#input\_port\_blocks) | List of port blocks. Allowed values `from_module`, `to_module`: 1-9. Default value `from_module`, `to_module`: 1. Allowed values `from_port`, `to_port`: 1-127. Default value `to_port`: `from_port`. | <pre>list(object({<br>    name        = string<br>    description = optional(string)<br>    from_module = optional(number)<br>    to_module   = optional(number)<br>    from_port   = number<br>    to_port     = optional(number)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_dn"></a> [dn](#output\_dn) | Distinguished name of `infraHPortS` object. |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | Leaf interface selector name. |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aci_rest_managed.infraHPortS](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
| [aci_rest_managed.infraPortBlk](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
| [aci_rest_managed.infraRsAccBaseGrp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Add support for sub port blocks

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
[![Tests](https://github.com/netascode/terraform-aci-access-leaf-interface-selector/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/netascode/terraform-aci-access-leaf-interface-selector/actions/workflows/test.yml)

# Terraform ACI Access Leaf Interface Selector Module

Manages ACI Access Leaf Interface Selector

Location in GUI:
`Fabric` » `Access Policies` » `Interfaces` » `Leaf Interfaces` » `Profiles` » `XXX`

## Examples

```hcl
module "aci_access_leaf_interface_selector" {
  source  = "netascode/access-leaf-interface-selector/aci"
  version = ">= 0.1.0"

  interface_profile = "LEAF101"
  name              = "1-2"
  policy_group_type = "access"
  policy_group      = "ACC1"
  port_blocks = [{
    name        = "PB1"
    description = "My Description"
    from_port   = 1
    to_port     = 2
  }]
  sub_port_blocks = [{
    name          = "SPB1"
    description   = "My Description"
    from_port     = 1
    from_sub_port = 1
    to_sub_port   = 2
  }]
}
```

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aci"></a> [aci](#requirement\_aci) | >= 2.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aci"></a> [aci](#provider\_aci) | >= 2.0.0 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_interface_profile"></a> [interface\_profile](#input\_interface\_profile) | Leaf interface profile name. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Leaf interface selector name. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_fex_id"></a> [fex\_id](#input\_fex\_id) | FEX ID. Allowed values: 101-199. `0` meaning no FEX. | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_fex_interface_profile"></a> [fex\_interface\_profile](#input\_fex\_interface\_profile) | FEX interface profile name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_policy_group_type"></a> [policy\_group\_type](#input\_policy\_group\_type) | Interface policy group type. Choices: `access`, `pc`, `vpc`, `breakout`. | `string` | `"access"` | no |
| <a name="input_policy_group"></a> [policy\_group](#input\_policy\_group) | Interface policy group name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_port_blocks"></a> [port\_blocks](#input\_port\_blocks) | List of port blocks. Allowed values `from_module`, `to_module`: 1-9. Default value `from_module`, `to_module`: 1. Allowed values `from_port`, `to_port`: 1-127. Default value `to_port`: `from_port`. | <pre>list(object({<br>    name        = string<br>    description = optional(string)<br>    from_module = optional(number)<br>    to_module   = optional(number)<br>    from_port   = number<br>    to_port     = optional(number)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_sub_port_blocks"></a> [sub\_port\_blocks](#input\_sub\_port\_blocks) | List of sub port blocks. Allowed values `from_module`, `to_module`: 1-9. Default value `from_module`, `to_module`: 1. Allowed values `from_port`, `to_port`: 1-127. Default value `to_port`: `from_port`. Allowed values `from_sub_port`, `to_sub_port`: 1-16. Default value `to_sub_port`: `from_sub_port`. | <pre>list(object({<br>    name          = string<br>    description   = optional(string)<br>    from_module   = optional(number)<br>    to_module     = optional(number)<br>    from_port     = number<br>    to_port       = optional(number)<br>    from_sub_port = number<br>    to_sub_port   = optional(number)<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_dn"></a> [dn](#output\_dn) | Distinguished name of `infraHPortS` object. |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | Leaf interface selector name. |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aci_rest_managed.infraHPortS](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
| [aci_rest_managed.infraPortBlk](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
| [aci_rest_managed.infraRsAccBaseGrp](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
| [aci_rest_managed.infraSubPortBlk](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/rest_managed) | resource |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
